chore: Fill in todos (#172)
multiformats/multiaddr: README.md

Read more about it in [multiformats/unsigned-varint](https://github.com/multiformats/unsigned-varint).

> ### Encoding (Bytes -> String)

Reviewer: I know this has been in the spec for like, ever, but is this the right way round?  IPLD generally refers to "encoding" as turning an object (string, here) into bytes and "decoding" as getting an object from bytes.

Author: wdyt about `String Encoding` instead?

Reviewer: I think it has the same problem since "encoding" is still in the title.

This README was written a long time ago and the ecosystem has coalesced around certain language and conventions since then, I think we should bring this in line with everything else.

> 1. Read the first byte and find the corresponding protocol.

Reviewer: Since varint-encoding is mentioned in the decoding section, it's probably worth mentioning it here in case the reader thinks all you need to do is read the first byte and you have a protocol code.

```suggestion
1. Varint-decode the first byte(s) and find the corresponding protocol.
```
